feat: add --script option to vite-node (#2793)
vitest-dev/vitest: packages/vite-node/README.md

Note that for options supporting RegExps, strings passed to the CLI must start _and_ end with a `/`;

### Hashbang

> If you prefer to write scripts that doesn't need to be passed into Vite Node, you can declare it in the [hashbang](https://bash.cyberciti.biz/guide/Shebang).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to write scripts that don't need to be passed into Vite Node, you can declare it in the [hashbang](https://bash.cyberciti.biz/guide/Shebang).
```

Simply add `#!/usr/bin/env vite-node --script` at the top of your file:

_file.ts_
```ts
#!/usr/bin/env vite-node --script

console.log('argv:', process.argv.slice(2))
```

And make the file executable:
```sh
chmod +x ./file.ts
```

Now, you can run the file without passing it into Vite Node:
```sh
$ ./file.ts hello
argv: [ 'hello' ]
```

> Note that when using the `--script` option, Vite Node forwards every arguments and options to the script to execute, even the one supported by Vite Node itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using the `--script` option, Vite Node forwards every argument and option to the script to execute, even the one supported by Vite Node itself.
```
